# CardGen
A simple Python script to create great-looking cards from Jira for teams who want a physical Scrum board. 
While Jira supports printing backlog items out of the box, the support is very limited – it just prints the name of
the backlog item. The Card Generator prints more information and color-codes the cards depending on the assigned person
– check the “Examples” folder for some examples on how the cards look like. Input is an xml file containing the 
backlog items, which is easily obtainable using the Jira Issue Navigator.
# Features
•	Generates cards containing title, rank, description, key of a backlog item and the person assigned to it – if any

•	For easy tracking of the assigned backlog items, every team member gets a randomly chosen color

•	Unassigned backlog items are always royal-blue and the “Processor” field remains empty

•	HTML tags are properly escaped so they do not disrupt generation

•	Links are removed from the description as they are quite useless on paper

•	Supports both traditional rank and new lexorank values

•	Input files can either be chosen via dialogue or supplied as a command line interface

•	Exports generated cards to pdf to support easy printing

# Requirements
•	Any Python 3 version

•	Reportlab (pip install reportlab)

# Getting the XML
The xml required as input can be generated by the Jira Issue Navigator (https://confluence.atlassian.com/jira064/using-the-issue-navigator-720416597.html), 
exporting data to xml is documented here (https://confluence.atlassian.com/jira064/displaying-search-results-in-xml-720416695.html). 
Simply export the whole sprint data and feed the file into the Card Generator. 

# How to Use
•	Get the XML
•	Run XMLParser.py
•	Chose the XML file as input
Done, the create PDF should open automatically. It is created right next to the input file.

# Binary Releases
The “dist” folder contains pre-compiled versions for Mac OS and Windows 10. They should work but are not as portable 
as the Python version. If you have Python, you should prefer running the program in Python directly. 
At least on Windows, this will also be faster.

Happy generating 
